# 英语二
[[考研笔记]]
#考研笔记

## 10

### 完型

The outbreak of **swine flu** that was first detected in Mexico was declared a global epidemic on June 11, 2009. It is the first worldwide epidemic **designated** by the World Health Organization in 41 years. 

The heightened alert **followed** an emergency meeting with flu experts in Geneva that assembled after a sharp rise in cases in Australia, and rising **numbers** in Britain, Japan, Chile and elsewhere. 

But the epidemic is "**moderate**" in severity, according to Margaret Chan, the organization's director general, **with ** the overwhelming  majority of patient experiencing only mild symptoms and  a full recovery, often in the **absence** of any medical treatment.

The outbreak came to global **notice** in late April 2009, when Mexican City noted an unusually large number of hospitalizations and deaths **among** healthy adults. As much of Mexico City shut down at the height of a panic, cases began to **crop up** in New York City, the southwestern United States and around the world.

In the United States, new cases seemed to faded as warmer weather arrived. But in late September 2009， officials reported there was significant  flu activity in almost every state and  that virtually all the samples tested are the new swine flu, also known as H1N1, not seasonal flu. In the U.S, it has **infected** more than one million people, and caused more than 600 deaths and more than 6000 hospitalizations. 

Federal health officials **released ** Tamiflu for children from the national stockpile and began **taking** orders from the states for the new swine flu vaccine, The new vaccine, which is different from the annual flu vaccine, is **available** ahead of expectations. More than three million does were to be made available in early October 2009， though most of those **initial** doses were of the FluMist nasal spray type, which is not **recommended** for pregnant women, people over 50 or those with breathing difficulties, heart disease or several other **problems**. But it was still possible to vaccinate people in other high-risk groups: health care workers, people **caring for** infants and healthy young people.

### Text1

The longest bull run in a century of  art-market ended on a dramatic note with a sale of 56 works by Damien Hirstmade Beautiful Inside My Head Forever, at Sotheby's in London on September 15th 2008. All but two pieces sold, fetching more than f70m, a record for a sale by a single artist. It was a last victory. As the auctioneer called out bids, in New York one of the oldest banks on wall Street, Lehman Borthers, filed for bankrupt.

The world art market had already been losing  for a while after rising bewilderingly since 2003 S65 billion, reckons Clare McAndrew, founder of Arts Economics, a research firm - double the figure five years earlier. Since then it may have come down to S50 billion. But the market generates interest far beyond its size because it brings together great wealth, enormous egos, greed, passion and controversy in a way matched by few other industries.

In the weeks and months that followed Mr.Hirst's sale, In the art world that meant collectors stayed away from galleries and salerooms. Sales of contemporary art fell by two-thirds, and in the most overheated sector, they were down by nearly 90% in the year to November 2008. Within weeks the world's two biggest auction houses, Sotheby's and Christie', had to pay out nearly S200m in guarantees to clients who had placed works for sale with them.

The current downturn in the art market is the worst since the Japanese stopped buying **Impressionists** at the at the end of 1989. This time experts **reckon that** prices are about 40% down on their peak on average, though some **have been far more fluctuant**. But Edward Dolman, Christie's chief executive, says: "I'm **pretty confident** we're at the bottom." 

What makes this **slump** different from the last, he says, is that there are still buyers in the market. Almost everyone  **who was interviewed** this special report said that the biggest problem at the moment is not a lack of demand buat a lack of good work to sell. The three Ds - death, debt and divorce - still deliver works of art to the market. But anyone does not have to sell is keeping away, waiting for confidence to return. 

### Text2

I was addressing  a small gathering in a **suburban** Virginia living room - a women's group that had invited men to join them. Throughout the evening one man had been particularly talkative, frequently offering ideas and **anecdotes**, while his wife sat silently beside him on the couch. Toward the end of the evening, I **commented** that women frequently complain that their husbands don' talk to them. This man quickly nodded in agreement. He gestured toward his wife and said, "She's the talker in our family." The room burst into laughter; the man looked puzzled and hurt. "It's true," he explained. "When I come home from work I have nothing to say. If she didn't keep the conversation going, we'd spend the whole evening in silence."  

This **episode** **crystallizes the irony** that although American men tend to talk more  than women in public situations, they often talk less at home. And this pattern **is wreaking havoc with** marriage.

The pattern was observed by political scientist Andrew Hacker in the late 1970s. Sociologist Catherine Kohler Riessman reports in her new book Divorce Talk that most of the women she interviewed - but only a few of the men - gave lack of communication as the reason for their divorces. Given the current divorce rate of nearly 50 percent, that amounts to millions of cases in the United States every year - a virtual epidemic of failed conversation.

In my own research, complaints from women about their husbands most often focused not on **tangible** inequities such as having given up the chance for a career to accompany a husband to his, or doing far more than their share of daily life-support work like cleaning, cooking and social **arrangements**. Instead, they focused on communication: "He doesn't talk to me." I found, as Hacker observed years before, that most wives want their husbands to be, first and **foremost**, conversational partners, but few husbands share this expectation of their wives.

In short, the image that best represents the current crisis is the **stereotypical** cartoon scene of a man sitting at the breakfast table with a newspaper held up in front of his face, while a women glares at the back of it, wanting to talk.  

### Text3

Over the past decade, many companies **had perfected** the art of creating automatic behaviors -- habits -- among consumers. These habits have helped companies earn billions of dollars when customers eat snacks or **wipe counters** almost without thinking, often in response to **a carefully designed set of daily cues.**

"There are **fundamental public health problems**, like dirty hands instead of a soap habit, that remain killers only because we can't figure out how to change people's habits." said Dr. Curtis, the directer of the Hygiene Center at London School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine. "We wanted to learn from **private industry** how to create new behaviors that happen automatically." 

The companies that Dr, Curtis turned to -- Procter & Gamble, Colgate-Palmolive and Unilever -- had invested hundreds of millions dollars finding the **subtle cues** in consumers' lives that **corporations** could use to introduce new **routines**.

If you look hard enough, you'll find that many of the products we use everyday -- chewing gums, **skin moisturizers**, **disinfecting wipes**, air fresheners, **water purifiers**,**health snacks**, teeth whiteners, **fabric softeners**, vitamins -- are results of manufactured habits. A century ago, few people regularly brushed their teeth **multiple times a day**. Today because of **shrewd advertising** and public health campaigns, many Americans habitually give their **pearly whites a cavity-preventing scrub** twice a day, often with Colgate, Crest or one of the other brands.

A few decades ago, many people didn't  drink water outside of a meal. Then **beverage** companies started bottling the production of far-off springs, and now office  workers unthinkingly **sip** bottled water all day long. Chewing gum, once bought primarily by adolescent boys. is now **featured in commercials** as a breath freshener and teeth cleaner for use after a meal. Skin moisturizers are advertised as part of **morning beauty rituals**, slipped in between hair brushing and putting on makeup.

**a consumer psychologist** 

**commercially viable**

**tying** 

**ruthless advertising**

**has emerged**

**controversies have erupted**

**tacties** 

### Text4

**jury system**

**concrete expression**

**crucial democratic**

**meet minimal qualifications**

**competent**

**serve on juries**

**jurors**

**cross section**

**on account of**

**defendants**

**are entitled to trial**

**verdict** 

**conscience** 

**surviving example of direct** 

**representative democray** 

**govern** 

**supposedly superior intelligence,** 

**intentional racial discrimination**  

**elite** 

**blue-ribbon**

**antidiscrimination**

**eligible**

**exempted**

**unrepresentative**

**ushering**

**cross section**

**unconstitutional**

### 对错

**trumpeted**

**respectively**

**clever**

**lightweight composites**

**naturalistic**

**lies with**

**formation**

**curls**

**propelling**

**aeronautics**

**was formerly at**

**range** 

**substantially different**

**departing**

**assemble**

**assume an inverted**

**cruising portions**

**knots to be worked out**

**perception**

traveling in companion

be separated by several  nautical miles

intimate groupings

favoured by display teams like the Red Arrows

involved

International Civil Aviation Organisation

As it happens

armed forces

Defence Advanced Research Projects Agency

investigate

flew in formation

unsubstantiated

skipper

### 翻译

Sustainability 

sustainability-oriented values

dot-com boom and burst

desperate for

signed on with

dilemma about the job translated

miserable

### 小作文

My Dear Friend,

Thank you very much for receiving me, a **delegate** of Simo-American cultural exchange program, during my visit to America. Your considerate and warm reception made me feel at home. You kindly provided **detailed explanation** of America custom, **assisting** me to get over **culture shock** soon and, more importantly, have deeper understanding of America culture. I had a great time there, and I really appreciate everything you done for me.

Additionally, highly welcome you to come to China **in due course** so that I can **reciprocate** your **hospitality**. I promise you a fantastic visit, through which you may **gain a deep insight** into Chinese culture. 

Your support has made me a strong and driven individual and I will forever be grateful and indebted to you for that.

### 大作文

As is **demonstrated** in the diagram, from 2000 to 2008, the mobile-phone subscription number grew sharply from 0.5 billion  to 4 billion in developing countries. **Contrastingly**, during the same period, there was only a **moderate** increase (from 0.7 billion to 1 billion) in developed countries. 

Different performance was due to different market environment. In developing countries, the mobile phone market hadn't reached **saturation**. Considering the population size there, the number of **potential customers** would be enormous. Thanks to the economic boom, an increasing number of potential customers gradually joined the market, resulting in the take-off of mobile phone subscriptions. However, in developed countries, there was a **saturated market**, leaving little room for growth.

Since the mobile phone market remains vast and the economy is still growing steadily in developing countries, the number of mobile phone subscribers there will continue to grow at fast rate; nevertheless, the growth will slow down as the market reaches saturation. **In comparison**, the market has reached saturation in developed countries, so the growth of mobile phone subscription number is expected to remain stagnant extra demand is **stimulated**.

## 11

### 完型

anonymity

a blessing to

the explosion of cyber-crime

be preserved

privacy

safety and security

cyber-czar

digital credential

federation

1. A

2. C

3. B

4. D

5. **A**

navigate

contrast with

6. **A**

7. A

8. C

9. C

10. **A**

are among companies

infrastructure

11. D

12. **C**

13. **B**

14. **C**

15. **C**

privacy rights activists

initiative

compulsory

mentality

has been greeted with

computer security experts

envisioned by

16. **C**

17. D

18. **D**

19. **A**

20. D

ridden

pointless

reminder

compromise

proposal

interference

entertainment

equivalent

chained

linger on

set in

In vain

in effect

in contrast

modernized

thriving

caution

occasionally

eventually

skepticism

indifference

enthusiasm

vulnerable

### Text1

excessive profits

make compromise

leaving the board

outside director

apparently

attracting much criticism

under fire

sat on

compensation committee

bonus payouts pass unremarked

are suppose to be

unbiased executives

share price forecaster

independent advisers

reputation

presumably

proposal

having weathered their own crises 

surprise departure

increased earning

perform worse in lawsuits

stayed from one proxy statement

probability

subsequently

restate earning

The likelihood of

federal class-action lawsuit

correlation

suggestive 

blow

incentive

once again

attractive offer

scornful

critical

positive

permissive

21. **A**

22. D

23. C

24. A

25. **A**

### Text2

doom

indicates

neglected

get state subsidies

charitable corporations

desperate situation

recession

threatened to 

chronic

distant suburbs

shrug off

inhabit

margin

stay afloat

reckon

reliance

bureaus

savagely

completeness

virue

26. D

27. B

28. **A**

29. A

30. A

### Text3

postwar

restraint

prosperity

bureaus

stylish

stimulus

emigrate

exert

31. C

32. D

33. C

34. **B**

35. B

### Text4

Bermula triangle

chronic

devaluation

harmonise

sanction

36. C

37. D

38. 

### 翻译

### 小作文

### 大作文

## 12

### 完型

### Text1

### Text2

### Text3

### Text4

### 翻译

### 小作文

### 大作文

## 13

### 完型

### Text1

### Text2

### Text3

### Text4

### 翻译

### 小作文

### 大作文

## 14

### 完型

### Text1

### Text2

### Text3

### Text4

### 翻译

### 小作文

### 大作文

## 15

### 完型

### Text1

### Text2

### Text3

### Text4

### 翻译

### 小作文

### 大作文

## 16

### 完型

### Text1

### Text2

### Text3

### Text4

### 翻译

### 小作文

### 大作文

## 17

### 完型

### Text1

### Text2

### Text3

### Text4

### 翻译

### 小作文

### 大作文

## 18

### 完型

### Text1

### Text2

### Text3

### Text4

### 翻译

### 小作文

### 大作文

## 19

### 完型

### Text1

### Text2

### Text3

### Text4

### 翻译

### 小作文

### 大作文

3  




